
Don't cry over spilt milk. 
It never rains but it pours. 
Don't count your chickens until they're hatched. 
The proof of the pudding is in the eating. 
He who laughs last - laughs best. 
He who hesitates is lost. 
Look before you leap. 
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
 When the cat's away the mice will play. 
A rolling stone gathers no moss. 
Grass doesn't grow on a racetrack. 
Strike while the iron is hot. 
A penny saved is a penny earned. 
Beggars shouldn't be choosers. 
Like father like son. 
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink. 
All that glitters is not gold. 
A stitch in time saves nine. 
A fool and his money are soon parted. 
A watched pot never boils. 
Never look a gift horse in the mouth. 
Birds of a feather flock together. 
Too many cooks spoil the broth. 
You cannot have your cake and eat it too. 
A barking dog never bites.
That problem is over - move on. 
Bad things sometimes can get worse. 
Wait for success to celebrate. 
It is success only if it works. 
Don't gloat too soon. 
Don't pass up opportunities. 
Use some caution before making a move. 
One sure thing is better than two maybes. 
Some work only when the boss watches. 
You won't grow old keeping busy. 
A busy man's desk has no dust on it. 
Seize the opportunity when it's available. 
Not spending is the same as earning money. 
Don't complain about free gifts. 
Men emulate their fathers. 
can only help those who want help. 
Don't be allured by flashy temptations. 
Repair something before the damage is too great. 
A wise man has money because he's careful. 
Move on to solve the next problem. 
Accept a gift graciously. 
You will be known by the company you keep. 
One person needs to be in charge. 
You cannot use and save the same item. 
Many people talk without any action.
You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.

The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.

Among ten matchmakers only nine will lie.

Curse your wife at evening, sleep alone at night.

It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.

Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from your friend's forehead.

The day your horse dies and your money's lost, your relatives change to strangers.

To attract good fortune, spend a new coin on an old friend, share an old pleasure with a new friend, and lift up the heart of a true friend by writing his name on the wings of a dragon.

Experience is a comb that we receive just when we are going bald.

Wealth is but dung, useful only when spread.

One who gains mastery will create his own opportunities.

When luck visits you , everyone will know where you live.

To buy a quarrel, lend money to a friend.

When you drink of the spring, be thankful for the source.

Frugality is the mother of prosperity.

What is whispered in your ear is often heard a hundred miles off.

What you cannot avoid, welcome.

When the cat is gone, the mice come out to stretch.

We earn a living by what we do, but we make a life by what we give.

When you want to test the depths of a stream, don't use both feet.

With money one may command devils; without it, one cannot even summon a man.

Without rice, even the cleverest housewife cannot cook.

Yellow gold is plentiful compared to white-haired friends.

You cannot prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can prevent them from building nests in your hair.

You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.

You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.

You want no one to know it? Then don't do it.

A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.

A young doctor makes a full graveyard.

You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.

Forgiveness is an act of the heart.

To have a black heart. (an evil person)

Be resolved and the thing is done.

Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.

Cheap things are not good, good things are not cheap.

Gratitude is an act of a good heart.

Defeat isn't bitter if you don't swallow it.

Dig a well before you are thirsty.

Do not employ handsome servants.

Indecisiveness breeds confusion.

Don't stand by the water and long for fish; go home and weave a net.

Failing to plan is planning to fail.

Flowers leave a part of their fragrance in the hands that bestow them.

Four things come not back: the spoken word, the spent arrow, the past life, and the neglected opportunity.

Govern a family as you would cook a small fish--very gently.

Habits are cobwebs at first, cables at last.

Hatred corrodes the vessel in which it is stored.

He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.

He who seeks revenge should remember to dig two graves.

If heaven made him, earth can find some use for him.

If there is a strong general, there will be no weak soldiers.

If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through.

If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.

If you want an audience, start a fight.

By filling one’s head and not ones pocket, one cannot be robbed.

Learning is a weightless treasure you always carry easy.

Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back.

Love is blind, and greed insatiable.

Parents who are afraid to put their foot down usually have children who step on their toes.

Patience is a virtue.

Politeness wins the confidence of princes.

Slander cannot destroy an honest man: when the flood recedes the rock is there.

Swiftest horse cannot overtake the word once spoken.

Talk does not cook rice.

Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.

The broad-minded see the truth in different religions; the narrow-minded see only the differences.

The diamond cannot be polished without friction, nor the man perfected without trials.

The house with an old grandparent harbors a jewel.

The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.

The less power a man has, the more he likes to use it.

The pen of the tongue should be dipped in the ink of the heart.

The remedy for dirt is soap and water. The remedy for dying is living.

The rich man plans for tomorrow, the poor man for today.

Those who hear not the music think the dancers mad.

A loan is like rice eaten. It is soon forgotten.

To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.

Use power to curb power.

One who has character has courage.

Fortunes may rise and fall and kingdoms may tumble, but one’s character never changes.

One who learns the value of compromise acquires wisdom.

A cloth is not woven from a single thread.

Kindness is the best quality of the soul.

Keeping company with the wicked is like living in a fish market: one becomes used to the foul odor.

Criticism must be used lightly. A gentle wind kindles, while a strong wind kills the fire.

The one who snores the loudest will fall asleep first.

Good advise is like bitter medicine.

Do not hope to reach a destination without ever leaving the shore.

A man of leisure will never taste the fruit of success.

To chop a tree quickly, spend twice the time sharpening your axe.

One who is tripped by the foot can get up again. One who is tripped by the tongue may not.

For the love of money, truth falls silent

Nothing is as heavy as a secret.

To rise high, conceal ambition.

Do not hasten to rejoice at someone’s departure until you see his replacement.

A goal without a deadline is only a wish.A dream with a deadline becomes a goal.

Ideas enlarge the mind and never allow it to go back to its original dimensions.

“Try” is a word of courage, but “can” is a word of power.

The poor are those without talents; the weak are those without aspirations. 